README.md, before:

# coding-quiz

## Description

In this coding quiz, you will be quizzed on the topics of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Once you have clicked the start quiz button, the timer will start to count down from 60 seconds. For every question you get right, it will display "Correct!" text under the question choices and prompt you to the next question. But if you get a question wrong it will display "Wrong!" text and your time will be deducted by ten seconds. Once you have finished all the questions or the timer has run out, you will be prompted to a "Quiz Completed!" screen where it displays your time and you can write your initials. After that, you can submit it which will then show you all the high scores of all the scores. This was all possible by using JavaScript, some major functions used were querySelectors, arrays, setInterval, textContent, for loops, if statements, JSON, and more.

## Deployment

https://jasonmattheww.github.io/coding-quiz/

## Usage

![Getting Started](./assets/images/coding-quiz-demo.gif)

## Code Source

https://github.com/stephje/javascript-quiz

Commit message:

Added text to code source

README.md, after:

# coding-quiz

## Description

In this coding quiz, you will be quizzed on the topics of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Once you have clicked the start quiz button, the timer will start to count down from 60 seconds. For every question you get right, it will display "Correct!" text under the question choices and prompt you to the next question. But if you get a question wrong it will display "Wrong!" text and your time will be deducted by ten seconds. Once you have finished all the questions or the timer has run out, you will be prompted to a "Quiz Completed!" screen where it displays your time and you can write your initials. After that, you can submit it which will then show you all the high scores of all the scores. This was all possible by using JavaScript, some major functions used were querySelectors, arrays, setInterval, textContent, for loops, if statements, JSON, and more.

## Deployment

https://jasonmattheww.github.io/coding-quiz/

## Usage

![Getting Started](./assets/images/coding-quiz-demo.gif)

## Code Source

This repo helped me get a better understanding of how to use certain functions and also how to structure my code.
https://github.com/stephje/javascript-quiz
